[Docs] Steps to compile mmcv-full on MLU machine (#2571)
open-mmlab/mmcv: docs/en/get_started/build.md

output = softmax_focal_loss(x, y, 2.0, 0.25, w, 'none')
print(output)
```

### Build mmcv-full on Cambricon MLU Devices

#### Install torch_mlu

##### Option1: Install mmcv-full based on Cambricon docker image

Firstly, install and pull Cambricon docker image (please email service@cambricon.com for the latest release docker):

```bash
docker pull ${docker image}
```

Run and attach to the docker, [Install mmcv-full on MLU device](#install-mmcv\-full-on-cambricon-mlu-device) and [make sure you've installed mmcv-full on MLU device successfully](#test-code)

##### Option2: Install mmcv-full from compiling Cambricon PyTorch source code

###### Install CATCH

> - Please email service@cambricon.com or contact with Cambricon engineers for a suitable version of CATCH package. After you get the suitable version of CATCH package, please follow the steps in ${CATCH-path}/CONTRIBUTING.md to install Cambricon PyTorch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please email service@cambricon.com or contact with Cambricon engineers for a suitable version of CATCH package. After you get the suitable version of CATCH package, please follow the steps in ${CATCH-path}/CONTRIBUTING.md to install Cambricon PyTorch.
```

#### Install mmcv-full on Cambricon MLU device

Clone the repo

```bash
git clone https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv.git
```

> The mlu-ops library will be downloaded in the default directory(mmcv/mlu-ops) while installing MMCV. You can also set MMCV_MLU_OPS_PATH to an existed mlu-ops library before installing as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mlu-ops library will be downloaded to the default directory (mmcv/mlu-ops) while building MMCV. You can also set `MMCV_MLU_OPS_PATH` to an existing mlu-ops library before building as follows:
```
